Remove little description in web-application-firewall-logs.md (#95118)
Azure/azure-content: articles/web-application-firewall/ag/web-application-firewall-logs.md

You can use different types of logs in Azure to manage and troubleshoot application gateways. You can access some of these logs through the portal. All logs can be extracted from Azure Blob storage and viewed in different tools, such as [Azure Monitor logs](../../azure-monitor/insights/azure-networking-analytics.md), Excel, and Power BI. You can learn more about the different types of logs from the following list:

* **Activity log**: You can use [Azure activity logs](../../azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log.md) to view all operations that are submitted to your Azure subscription, and their status. Activity log entries are collected by default, and you can view them in the Azure portal.

> * **Access Resource log**: You can use this log to view Application Gateway access patterns and analyze important information. This includes the caller's IP, requested URL, response latency, return code, and bytes in and out. This log contains one record per instance of Application Gateway. The Application Gateway instance is identified by the instanceId property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Access Resource log**: You can use this log to view Application Gateway access patterns and analyze important information. This includes the caller's IP, requested URL, response latency, return code, and bytes in and out. This log contains individual records for each request and associates that request to the unique Application Gateway that processed the request. Unique Application Gateway instances can be identified by the property instanceId.
```

Reviewer: @ep3p Here's our suggested change to this text.
